Chemistry is a key enabler for a
circular economy & resource efficiency.
The VTT Sustainable Chemistry platform
supports customers in developing –
effective and climate-friendly
chemical products and processes.
We help in turning complex feeds,
such as CO2, biomasses and wastes, –
into new value added products
with chemistry tools.
Our R&D infrastructure -
from lab to pilot scale -
supports the development of innovations
and new business opportunities.
We offer testbeds for
catalyst development and –
chemical and
polymer synthesis.
Our expertise covers chemical
conversion technologies, –
downstream processing,
process modelling and –
techno-economical assessment.
We help our customers use cutting-edge
chemistry for sustainable growth.